I have a few physical machines that I want to manage with an application I am building. I would like to use NATS as a distributed information store and transmission network to send commands to each machine. I would like to run a Daemon service on each machine with custom code that acts upon the commands and status updates recieved from NATS.
I want the system to be very fault tolerant in case network connectivity is lost or updates fail, other machines are always available to pick up slack and help recover faulted systems when they come back online.
I also plan to have an interface into this system such that you can easily expand the cluster, push out updates and monitor it.
The interface needs to communicate with the cluster with NATS but must also act as a member of the cluster while it is online in case the cluster has no members (bootstrap phase) or a disaster scenario has occured where many hosts are down and the interface has priority override to get the hosts back in order. The interface could be a CLI, web interface, desktop app or phone app etc. It could run on a machine that will have a daemon in the cluster or even one that will not be permanently in the cluster. Imagine the scenario when I first want to create cluster. I open the interface and have the option to connect to an existing cluster at an address or create a new one. Creating a new one still means I can make changes to cluster configuration and save it to the NATS KV store even though there are no proper members in the cluster. Then I say I want to add a member at an address (with some sort of deployment installation) and that member would now persist the KV settings that the interface had setup and synced. What kind of NATS architecture should I setup to handle all these scenarios and other features I should consider?
